Add the ZTO case study (#430)
pingcap/blog: why-we-migrated-from-exadata-to-a-scale-out-htap-database-for-near-real-time-analytics.md

---
title: Why We Migrated from Exadata to a Scale-Out HTAP Database for Near Real-Time Analytics
author: ['Youzhi Zhu']
date: 2020-10-20

> summary: As its business quickly grew, ZTO Express found Exadata, Kudu, and HBase couldn't meet their database requirements. They chose TiDB to scale out their database and perform multi-dimensional analytics in near real time.

Author: ```suggestion
summary: As its business quickly grew, ZTO Express found Exadata, Kudu, and HBase couldn't meet their database requirements. They migrated from Exadata to TiDB to scale out their database and perform multi-dimensional analytics in near real time.
```
